Hello, dear Arun!
I am sending my solution of your problem:
1) Python file (uses Pyomo package and cplex as solver) 
2) Solution result for the data you gave me
Please beware, that I had to modify som input data for uniformity of units:
departureTime/arrivalTime in minutes, days is considred counting from 7th since 
it is the earliest flight in these data, while A/B/C/D-checks are in hours of previous flights,
 Maintenance thresholds are in hours, while Maintenance durations are in minutes again.
Maintenance costs and capacity is taken as 100 and 2 respectively.
The constraints for counting pevious flights, no double checks and no flight during checks 
are absent in the paper and I think required adjustments comaporing to CP version you sent.

Regards, Viktor


Hello, dear Arun!
I am sending my updates to the solution of the problem:
1) Fix minor bugs connected with non-uniformity of time units in (13-14) conditions
2) Added non-strict constraint as you proposed for penalty of premature check-up
(though not sure it is the right approach here). I added it as Premature_Check_penalty array - we add to objective function corresponding penalties for
extra days (I penalized only 5 days here)

Thanks for the cooperation,
regards, Viktor



Hello, dear Arun!
I made the updates to criteria regarding the difference in checks - some new criteria created.
In order to keep the uniformity we have now two arrays for check:
Acheck/Bcheck/Cchekc/Dcheck - which are "flying hours since last check"
and Acheck_days/Bcheck_days/Ccheck_days/Dcheck_days which are "elapsed days since last check"

I am sending my updates to the solution of the problem and results for your data.
Thanks for the visualization snippet - it really helps. 

Best regards, Viktor

 

Hello, dear Arun!
I made some fixes - here is my new version.
Also, please, note that Acheck_days - is in days (not hours, so should not be so big).

Regarding the methaheuristics (genetic algorithm) approach. Yes, I am intersted to do it.
However, I have some questions:
1) Do you need to impelement the exact appraoch of the paper you sent, or we need to change it?
As far as I get, the paper you sent is solving sightly different (though close) Optimization problem.
Do we need to adjust this GA to our task or we need it for the Optimizatioin problem of the paper?
2) The approach of the paper seems a complex one for impelementation, and also, as often with GA -
probably long on running, so maybe this implementation, and moreover debugging can take long time.
3) Should we reformulate the condition of the problem we are solving as general as it could possibly be?







I am sending my updates to the solution of the problem and results for your data.
Thanks for the visualization snippet - it really helps. 

Best regards, Viktor

 


