Hello, dear Arun!
Thanks for your updates.
Not sure that I am available for work on our project now, 
but I may try to figure something out.
I revisited code once more and don't see the problem in the
constraints you mentioned, however, I agree that more checks are needed.
Regarding the issues:
1) I've seen that costs of the 2nd plane maintenance and usage are higher than the others,
so, could it be that model works correctly by completely eliminating it?
2) Unfortunately, I could not see on the figure you sent whether the total sum
of flight time for the planes is greater or less 60 hrs,
could you send me the corresponding result.txt file?
Could you try with 20,40 hrs for A check?
Could it be the problem just with visualization?
(also it would be great if you send me the exact test file and full console output for this or any other problematic case
with descriptions of what exactly wrong)

Kind regards, Viktor

Hello, dear Arun!
Looks like understand the issue: 
the criteria used allows z an y variables to be defined at the days after the departure 
for maintencance - you can see MA an MB outputs sometimes have days index (d) long after defined by arrival time.
I looked at the paper criteria - and they have the same issue, I think we stuck at the paper mistake.
I tried to set my criterion to overcome this issue (z_check - turned by SANITY check).
Also, I defined flags to turn on/off days, hours criteria at the start of the program,
and you can also with them switch between my and paper variants of maintenance blocking criterion.
Plz, beware that in the sending version I am using paper (still consider it is wrong) hours criterion
and set 5,10 for elapsed Days checks A,B

Best regards, Viktor

 
Hello, dear Arun!
Do you have any news regarding the countre-example?
So far it seems to me that the conditions set are exactly contradicting (13) - (13-1),
but I am not investigated it fully as it seems to be a big deal of work.
If you are sure, that these data allows some solution - plz, send it to me.
I am pretty sure at this stage that all paper criteria implemented correctly,
but see some incorrectness in the paper.
I looked carefully once more at the paper, and already noticed next faults:
1) Proposition 1 is not correctly proven. Moreover, I am alomst sure I could build countre example for it  
and we need to add at least one criterion more there (non-overalapping contsraint already present in the code).
2) No analogue of proposition 1 for (7)-(15)? so we are not sure to have the correct model
3) Constraint (13) looks to be not completely correct (I may need some time to disprove it, while 
finding the correct constraint may be problematic since requires more functions and variables to deal with)

Unofortunately, I may be very busy next days and even 1-2 weeks to make a full analysis here, 
and also the mentioned issues defenetely go out of the project scope to be solved.
However, their resolutions could be a good topic for the good paper (and maybe even to this 
exact journal since it deals with correction of the paper) - yet it in this case it requires 
much more time and efforts with expanding the project frame too, so I am not sure I could resolve 
this in the short time. 

Best regards, Viktor


   